Bias-free communication (#33706)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/blazor/file-downloads.md

## Security considerations

> Use caution when providing users with the ability to download files from a server. Cyberattackers may execute [Denial of Service (DoS)](/windows-hardware/drivers/ifs/denial-of-service) attacks, [API exploitation attacks](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Element/a#security_and_privacy), or attempt to compromise networks and servers in other ways.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use caution when providing users with the ability to download files from a server. Cyber attackers may execute [Denial of Service (DoS)](/windows-hardware/drivers/ifs/denial-of-service) attacks, [API exploitation attacks](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Element/a#security_and_privacy), or attempt to compromise networks and servers in other ways.
```

Author: The guidelines call for one word, no hyphen.

Reviewer: Very minor and feel free to refuse or accept: I think both "cyberattackers"and "cyber attackers" are used in the development community, but I think "cyber attackers" might be used more often.

Author: I don't think we have a choice given how explicit they are in the style manual. We've broken with them a bit here and there, but I think AP and Chicago are in agreement. My Chicago is buried at the moment tho ... in a box somewhere around here from the last move 😆.
